what is up guys debut today I've got my
second episode of my Cod for bounce
guide that I'm doing so today's map is
backlot and there are three quite
interesting bounces on this map so guys
let's get bouncing right from the spawn
when you spawn back o'clock the first
one we're gonna have a look at is the
car bounce well there's two car bounces
but the first car box we'll be looking
at towards the sea flag on domination so
you're gonna have to run forward from my
spawn directly in front and there's the
brown car in front of us what you want
to do is climb on the bonnet of this and
what you want to do is get on top of
this wall here that I'm climbing on I
fail a little bit there but I'm asked to
get on so you want to get onto this wall
here you want to move right back into
the back of this wall and you want to
see where I'm shooting is you want to
hit sort of the top edge of the car
chassis and as you can see you have to
sprint jump no strafe jump no sprint in
midair and as you can see you bounce
straight off the top of that corner on
the car so this is what it looks like
killing someone simply off it just like
that so here's the bounce again this
bounce does take quite a few tries to
actually get it perfect but once you've
hit it the first time you'll start
you'll get to know it and you'll start
hitting it more often this is the
opponent's view of you hitting it as you
can see bounced straight off the back of
that car and styler with a simple kill
cam right moving up to the next balance
from the spawn it is the second car
bounce which all of you have probably
seen in the montage is so you're going
to have to run round here and it's just
by this wall by the central building so
you want to get on top of this brown all
right here
well yeah I'll pump to this wall and
then move right back to where this metal
pole thing is and you can have to do
exactly the same as you did on the first
bounce so jump right on the edge of the
car as you do it so and there you go as
you can see this I don't know if it's
necessary but I found it easy if I did a
little sprint as I hit the bounce and
you'll see this from here so I sprint
jump with a little thing in the air and
as you can see I hit it like that so
little sprint
easy as pie
I'm not sure if that sprint in midair is
necessary but I just found it a little
easier anyway
opponents view as you can see Johnny did
the little sprint as well and he gets
the kill really easily so moving on to
the next one this one is slightly harder
than the other two we found it a bit
more difficult but once you fit it once
it's easy to get again so you have to
run right back towards the a flag on
domination and you're gonna have to come
around here jump on top of this little
fridge lying down then jump on top of
this like bin dumpster thing whatever
you want to call it and you see the dead
end sign that is leaning out like that
right on the corner you can have two
spring jump and you're gonna have to hit
the lower point of that sign now I think
a strafe jump is probably much easier to
do the air but as you can see it's quite
hard to hit but once you've got it
you'll do it almost every time and there
you go just a simple kill off it now
from the opponent's view as you can see
just pops up off the edge of that sign
simple ass get your bouncing shoes on
guys it's bounce challenge time so this
week's on back o'clock so I've got a
really quite nice kill for you to try
and imitate Thank You Johnny and style
for helping me with this episode I hope
you all enjoyed it and I'll just leave
you with the challenge and I'll see you
guys in the next episode
you